{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \{% include head-dark.html %\}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 About me \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I am an assistant professor at the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://lbj.utexas.edu/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 LBJ School of Public Affairs}} at the University of Texas at Austin. I am also a faculty associate the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://liberalarts.utexas.edu/prc/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Population Research Center.}} Prior to joining UT, I completed my postdoctoral work at the Office of Population Research at Princeton University. \
My research interests are focused on reproductive health and span several disciplines, combining backgrounds in biomedical science, demography, public health, and public policy. My work has been published in the BMJ, the New England Journal of Medicine, American Journal of Public Health, Social Science and Medicine, Perspectives on Sexual and Reproductive Health, and Obstetrics and Gynecology, among others. My research has been supported by the National Institutes of Health and the Society of Family Planning. \
I grew up in Northern Ireland and completed my bachelor's and medical degrees at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.trin.cam.ac.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Trinity College, Cambridge}} After moving to the U.S. in 2009 to attend the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.hsph.harvard.edu/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Harvard School of Public Health}} as a Frank Knox Fellow, I married a Texan, adopted some guinea pigs, and decided to stay awhile longer. When I'm not in the office, you can usually find me running on the trail, trying to increase my pull-up count, or taking my cat {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://abigailaiken.github.io/files/markov_photo.jpg"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Markov}} for a random walk. \
My complete CV is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://abigailaiken.github.io/files/ara_aiken_cv_fall_2016.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 available here.}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf2 Contact information\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Abigail R.A. Aiken (MD, MPH, PhD)\uc0\u8232 Assistant Professor\u8232 LBJ School of Public Affairs\u8232 University of Texas at Austin\u8232 Austin, Texas\u8232 araa2 _ at _ utexas.edu \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \{% include footer.html %\}}